Feature/vudrm 1129/support matrix caveats (#21)
Vualto/vudrm-public-docs: docs/source/integrations/VUDRM-support-matrix.md

| **Samsung Tizen** _2017 models^_ | <p>&#10004;</p> | <p>&#10008;</p> | <p>&#10008;</p> |
| **tvOS** _VUDRMfairplay SDK_ | <p>&#10008;</p> | <p>&#10008;</p> | <p>&#10004;</p> |
| **Smart TV Alliance** _LG, PANASONIC, PHILIPS, TOSHIBA_ | <p>&#10004;</p> | <p>&#10004;</p> | <p>&#10008;</p> |

## Caveats

> - Widevine mandates all browser CDM implementations to stay current with Chrome stable releases to ensure that the latest updates are applied. Older versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Opera may not be able to use DRM. Click [here](https://www.widevine.com/news) for Widevine’s deprecation schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Widevine mandates all browser CDM implementations to stay current with Chrome stable releases to ensure that the latest updates are applied. Older versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Opera may not be able to use DRM. See [Widevine’s deprecation schedule](https://www.widevine.com/news).
```
